swimmers also come to ascension to breed
a female green turtle approaches the
coast she's not even once in two months
she may have traveled 1,000 miles from
her feeding grounds the greatest journey
of her kind
[Music]
many others are here too resting on the
sandy sea floor awaiting the darkness of
night when it will be safer to visit the
beaches eggs that were laid a few weeks
ago at the start of the season are
beginning to hatch
most hatchings happen at night now in
the light of day the young are extremely
vulnerable
they must get to the sea as soon as
possible
but their trials have been they just
begun
many will drown in the pounding waves
during the next 20 years the vast
majority will inevitably die but those
that survived will eventually as their
mothers did before return to the very
same Beach where they were hatched how
they find their way back across
thousands of miles of open ocean you
still have no idea
[Music]